DOCKER_MIGRATION.md, before:

# 🚀 Docker Deployment Summary

## ✅ What Changed

### Files Added:
1. **`backend/Dockerfile`** - Containerizes the FastAPI backend
2. **`backend/.dockerignore`** - Excludes venv and cache from Docker build
3. **`docker-compose.yml`** - Orchestrates the backend container on `arman_net`
4. **`nasa.conf.example`** - Sample Nginx config for `arman-infra` gateway

### Files Modified:
1. **`.github/workflows/backend-ci.yml`** - Updated to deploy via Docker instead of venv
2. **`README_DEPLOYMENT.md`** - Removed outdated Render instructions

### Files Removed:
1. **`render.yaml`** - No longer using Render

---

## 🔄 Alignment with `arman-infra`

Your new Docker setup is **perfectly aligned** with the `arman-infra` gateway:

| Component | Status | Details |
|-----------|--------|---------|
| **Network Name** | ✅ Matches | Both use `arman_net` |
| **Container Name** | ✅ Set | `nasa-backend` (Nginx will proxy to this) |
| **External Network** | ✅ Configured | `external: true` joins the shared network |
| **CI/CD** | ✅ Updated | Deploys via `docker-compose` |

---

## 📋 Deployment Checklist

### On Your Droplet (After Push):

1. **Ensure `arman-infra` is running**:
   ```bash
   cd ~/arman-infra
   docker-compose ps  # Should show gateway_nginx running
   ```

2. **Verify network exists**:
   ```bash
   docker network ls | grep arman_net
   ```

3. **The CI/CD will automatically**:
   - Pull the latest code to `~/nasa-backend`
   - Build the Docker image
   - Start the container on `arman_net`

4. **Add the Nginx config**:
   ```bash
   # Copy the example config to arman-infra
   cp ~/nasa-backend/nasa.conf.example ~/arman-infra/sites/nasa.conf
   
   # Edit it to set your domain
   nano ~/arman-infra/sites/nasa.conf
   
   # Reload Nginx
   cd ~/arman-infra
   docker-compose exec nginx nginx -s reload
   ```

5. **Update Frontend Environment Variable**:
   In `.github/workflows/deploy-frontend.yml`, change line 42:
   ```yaml
   NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL: "https://api.nasaexoplanet.armanshirzad.com"
   ```
   (Use your actual domain once Nginx is configured)

---

## 🧪 Testing

After deployment:
```bash
# Check container status
docker-compose ps

# View logs
docker logs nasa-backend

# Test the API
curl http://localhost:8000/healthz
# or from outside:
curl http://your-droplet-ip:8000/healthz
```

---

## 🎯 Next Steps

1. **Push this commit** - Backend will auto-deploy via Docker
2. **Configure DNS** - Point `api.nasaexoplanet.armanshirzad.com` to your droplet IP
3. **Add SSL** - Run certbot in `arman-infra` for HTTPS
4. **Update Frontend** - Change `NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL` to use the new domain

Commit message:

fix: align all configs with production domain nasaexoplanet2025.armanshirzad.com

DOCKER_MIGRATION.md, after:

# 🚀 Docker Deployment Summary

## ✅ What Changed

### Files Added:
1. **`backend/Dockerfile`** - Containerizes the FastAPI backend
2. **`backend/.dockerignore`** - Excludes venv and cache from Docker build
3. **`docker-compose.yml`** - Orchestrates the backend container on `arman_net`
4. **`nasa.conf.example`** - Sample Nginx config for `arman-infra` gateway

### Files Modified:
1. **`.github/workflows/backend-ci.yml`** - Updated to deploy via Docker instead of venv
2. **`README_DEPLOYMENT.md`** - Removed outdated Render instructions

### Files Removed:
1. **`render.yaml`** - No longer using Render

---

## 🔄 Alignment with `arman-infra`

Your new Docker setup is **perfectly aligned** with the `arman-infra` gateway:

| Component | Status | Details |
|-----------|--------|---------|
| **Network Name** | ✅ Matches | Both use `arman_net` |
| **Container Name** | ✅ Set | `nasa-backend` (Nginx will proxy to this) |
| **External Network** | ✅ Configured | `external: true` joins the shared network |
| **CI/CD** | ✅ Updated | Deploys via `docker-compose` |

---

## 📋 Deployment Checklist

### On Your Droplet (After Push):

1. **Ensure `arman-infra` is running**:
   ```bash
   cd ~/arman-infra
   docker-compose ps  # Should show gateway_nginx running
   ```

2. **Verify network exists**:
   ```bash
   docker network ls | grep arman_net
   ```

3. **The CI/CD will automatically**:
   - Pull the latest code to `~/nasa-backend`
   - Build the Docker image
   - Start the container on `arman_net`

4. **Add the Nginx config**:
   ```bash
   # Copy the example config to arman-infra
   cp ~/nasa-backend/nasa.conf.example ~/arman-infra/sites/nasa.conf
   
   # Edit it to set your domain
   nano ~/arman-infra/sites/nasa.conf
   
   # Reload Nginx
   cd ~/arman-infra
   docker-compose exec nginx nginx -s reload
   ```

5. **Update Frontend Environment Variable**:
   In `.github/workflows/deploy-frontend.yml`, the backend URL is set to:
   ```yaml
   NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL: "https://nasaexoplanet2025.armanshirzad.com"
   ```

---

## 🧪 Testing

After deployment:
```bash
# Check container status
docker-compose ps

# View logs
docker logs nasa-backend

# Test the API
curl http://localhost:8000/healthz
# or from outside:
curl http://your-droplet-ip:8000/healthz
```

---

## 🎯 Next Steps

1. **Push this commit** - Backend will auto-deploy via Docker
2. **Configure DNS** - Point `nasaexoplanet2025.armanshirzad.com` to your droplet IP (already done)
3. **Add the Nginx config** - Copy `nasa.conf.example` to `arman-infra/sites/nasa.conf`
4. **Add SSL** - Run certbot in `arman-infra` for HTTPS
5. **Frontend will auto-update** - Already pointing to `https://nasaexoplanet2025.armanshirzad.com`
